---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "allquiet_integration_mapping Resource - allquiet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  IntegrationMapping resource
---

# allquiet_integration_mapping (Resource)

IntegrationMapping resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `integration_id` (String) Id of the associated integration

### Optional

- `attributes_mapping` (Attributes) The attributes mapping of the integration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes_mapping))

<a id="nestedatt--attributes_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes_mapping`

Required:

- `attributes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes_mapping--attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--attributes_mapping--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes_mapping.attributes`

Required:

- `mappings` (Attributes List) The attribute's mappings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attributes_mapping--attributes--mappings))
- `name` (String) The name of the attribute

<a id="nestedatt--attributes_mapping--attributes--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes_mapping.attributes.mappings`

Optional:

- `json_path` (String) A JSONPath expression to map JSON ([goessner.net/articles/JsonPath](https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/))
- `map` (String) A simple map expression mapping values from A to B. The expression A->1,B->2,->3 will map the value 'A' to '1' and 'B' to '2' and fallback to '3' if no match is found. You can also omit the fallback. The result will then evaluate to the original value.
- `regex` (String) A regular expression to extract parts of text. The regex is evaluated with the .NET/C# flavor. If groups are matched, the named group 'result' is returned. If no group is named 'result' the last group is returned. If no groups are found the whole match is returned. ( regex101.com)
- `replace` (String) Works together with the regex. Example: you could use the regex '(\d+) and the replace value 'https://sentry.io/issues/$1/' to create a link to a Sentry issue.
- `static` (String) A static string. The result will always be this string.
- `xpath` (String) A XPath expression to map HTML or XML. ( [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/xml/xpath_intro.asp))
