docs/resources/user.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "allquiet_user Resource - allquiet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The user resource represents a user in All Quiet. Users can be members of users and receive notifications for incidents.
---

# allquiet_user (Resource)

The user resource represents a user in All Quiet. Users can be members of users and receive notifications for incidents.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "allquiet_user" "millie_brown" {
  display_name = "Millie Bobby Brown"
  email        = "millie@acme.com"
}

resource "allquiet_user" "taylor" {
  display_name = "Taylor Swift"
  email        = "taylor@acme.com"
  incident_notification_settings = {
    should_send_sms  = true
    delay_in_min_sms = 5
    severities_sms   = ["Critical"]

    should_call_voice  = false
    delay_in_min_voice = 0
    severities_voice   = []

    should_send_push  = true
    delay_in_min_push = 0
    severities_push   = ["Critical", "Warning"]

    should_send_email  = true
    delay_in_min_email = 0
    severities_email   = ["Critical", "Warning", "Minor"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the user
- `email` (String) The email of the user

### Optional

- `incident_notification_settings` (Attributes) Settings which channels to use for incident notifications (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--incident_notification_settings))
- `time_zone_id` (String) The timezone id, defaults to 'UTC' if not provided. Find all timezone ids [here](https://allquiet.app/api/public/v1/timezone)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id

<a id="nestedatt--incident_notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `incident_notification_settings`

Required:

- `delay_in_min_email` (Number) Delay in minutes for Email notifications
- `delay_in_min_push` (Number) Delay in minutes for Push notifications
- `delay_in_min_sms` (Number) Delay in minutes for SMS notifications
- `delay_in_min_voice` (Number) Delay in minutes for Voice Call notifications
- `should_call_voice` (Boolean) Should send Voice Call notifications
- `should_send_email` (Boolean) Should send Email notifications
- `should_send_push` (Boolean) Should send Push notifications
- `should_send_sms` (Boolean) Should send SMS notifications

Optional:

- `severities_email` (List of String) Severities for Email notifications
- `severities_push` (List of String) Severities for Push notifications
- `severities_sms` (List of String) Severities for SMS notifications
- `severities_voice` (List of String) Severities for Voice Call notifications

Commit message:

Add Phonenumber to User Resource

docs/resources/user.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "allquiet_user Resource - allquiet"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The user resource represents a user in All Quiet. Users can be members of users and receive notifications for incidents.
---

# allquiet_user (Resource)

The user resource represents a user in All Quiet. Users can be members of users and receive notifications for incidents.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "allquiet_user" "millie_brown" {
  display_name = "Millie Bobby Brown"
  email        = "millie@acme.com"
  phone_number = "+12035479055"
}

resource "allquiet_user" "taylor" {
  display_name = "Taylor Swift"
  email        = "taylor@acme.com"
  incident_notification_settings = {
    should_send_sms  = true
    delay_in_min_sms = 5
    severities_sms   = ["Critical"]

    should_call_voice  = false
    delay_in_min_voice = 0
    severities_voice   = []

    should_send_push  = true
    delay_in_min_push = 0
    severities_push   = ["Critical", "Warning"]

    should_send_email  = true
    delay_in_min_email = 0
    severities_email   = ["Critical", "Warning", "Minor"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the user
- `email` (String) The email of the user

### Optional

- `incident_notification_settings` (Attributes) Settings which channels to use for incident notifications (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--incident_notification_settings))
- `phone_number` (String) The phone number of the user
- `time_zone_id` (String) The timezone id, defaults to 'UTC' if not provided. Find all timezone ids [here](https://allquiet.app/api/public/v1/timezone)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Id

<a id="nestedatt--incident_notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `incident_notification_settings`

Required:

- `delay_in_min_email` (Number) Delay in minutes for Email notifications
- `delay_in_min_push` (Number) Delay in minutes for Push notifications
- `delay_in_min_sms` (Number) Delay in minutes for SMS notifications
- `delay_in_min_voice` (Number) Delay in minutes for Voice Call notifications
- `severities_email` (List of String) Severities for Email notifications
- `severities_push` (List of String) Severities for Push notifications
- `severities_voice` (List of String) Severities for Voice Call notifications
- `should_call_voice` (Boolean) Should send Voice Call notifications
- `should_send_email` (Boolean) Should send Email notifications
- `should_send_push` (Boolean) Should send Push notifications
- `should_send_sms` (Boolean) Should send SMS notifications

Optional:

- `severities_sms` (List of String) Severities for SMS notifications
